= Feature Overview =

The following table gives an overview of the features of Wicked Charts and which features are supported for which GUI framework. Each feature is described in a separate section below.

|| *Feature* || *wicked-charts-wicket6* || *wicked-charts-wicket15* || *wicked-charts-jsf21 ||
|| [Features#Basic_Chart_Types Basic Chart Types] || yes || yes || yes ||
|| [Features#Advanced_Chart_Types Advanced Chart Types] || yes || yes || yes ||
|| [Features#Live_Updating_Charts Live Updating Charts] || yes || no || no ||
|| [Features#Drilldown Drilldown] || yes || yes || no ||
|| [Features#Ajax_Updatable_Charts Ajax Updatable Charts] || yes || yes || no ||
|| [Features#Links_on_Points Links on Points]] || yes || yes || yes ||
|| [Features#Global_Configuration Global Configuration] || no || no || no||
|| [Features#Override_Jquery_Version Override JQuery Version] || yes || yes || no ||

= Basic Chart Types =

Highcharts and thus Wicked Charts support a set of different chart types that are listed in the [https://wicked-charts.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/wicked-charts-parent/apidocs/com/googlecode/wickedcharts/highcharts/options/SeriesType.html SeriesType] enumeration. Basic chart types only need the file highcharts.js to work properly while advanced charts additionally need the file highcharts_more.js to work.

For an example of how to create a basic charts with Wicket and JSF please consult the [Getting Started] page.

The basic chart types are:
 * area charts
 * area spline charts
 * column charts
 * bar charts 
 * line charts
 * pie charts
 * scatter charts
 * spline charts
 * any combination of the above (see example "Column, line and pie" in the [http://wicked-charts.appspot.com Showcase]

All chart types and the java code needed to create them can be viewed online in the [http://wicked-charts.appspot.com Showcase].

== Defining the chart type globally ==
If you want all series within your chart to have the same chart type, you can define the type in the [https://wicked-charts.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/wicked-charts-parent/apidocs/com/googlecode/wickedcharts/highcharts/options/ChartOptions.html ChartOptions] of a chart:

{{{
options.setChartOptions(new ChartOptions()
  .setType(SeriesType.AREA));
}}}

== Defining the chart type for each series ==
If you have more than one series in a chart that are supposed to be of a different type, you can set the type for each [https://wicked-charts.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/wicked-charts-parent/apidocs/com/googlecode/wickedcharts/highcharts/options/series/Series.html Series] separately:

{{{
options.addSeries(new SimpleSeries()
  .setType(SeriesType.AREA)
  .setData(1,2,3));

options.addSeries(new SimpleSeries()
  .setType(SeriesType.LINE)
  .setData(1,2,3));
}}}


== Using Wicket ==
You have nothing to care about, since the Wicket components take care of loading the correct javascript files needed for the chart types.

== Using JSF ==
You have to include the following javascript files manually into your page:
 * http://code.highcharts.com/highcharts.js

= Advanced Chart Types =
The advances chart types need the javascript file highcharts_more.js to work.

The advances chart types are:
 * gauge charts 
 * column range charts
 * area range charts

All chart types and the java code needed to create them can be viewed online in the [http://wicked-charts.appspot.com Showcase].

== Using Wicket ==
You have nothing to care about, since the Wicket components take care of loading the correct javascript files needed for the chart types.

== Using JSF ==
You have to include the following javascript files manually into your page:
 * http://code.highcharts.com/highcharts.js
 * http://code.highcharts.com/highcharts-more.js